feat: instrument graphql (#527)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-ruby: instrumentation/graphql/README.md

## Usage

To use the instrumentation, call `use` with the name of the instrumentation:

```ruby
OpenTelemetry::SDK.configure do |c|
  c.use 'OpenTelemetry::Instrumentation::GraphQL'
end
```

### Configuration options

```ruby
OpenTelemetry::SDK.configure do |c|
  c.use 'OpenTelemetry::Instrumentation::GraphQL', {
    # If this option is not provided the default behaviour is to instrument all
    # schemas that extend GraphQL::Schema
    schemas: [MyAppSchema],

    # The following options are disabled by default as they generate
    # large traces, but can be enabled using the following keys to add
    # spans that provide more detail.
    # Further details about what these keys correspond can be found on the [platform_tracing.rb class](https://github.com/rmosolgo/graphql-ruby/blob/1.10.x/lib/graphql/tracing/platform_tracing.rb#L28-L73).
    # enable_platform_field maps to the execute_field and execute_field_lazy keys
    enable_platform_field: true,
    # enable_platform_authorized maps to the authorized and authorized_lazy keys
    enable_platform_authorized: true,
    # enable_platform_resolve_type maps to the resolve_type and resolve_type_lazy keys

>     enable_platform_resolve_type: true

Reviewer: very small nit but maybe we should leave these commented out so we avoid ppl copy/pasting this snippet in and enabling stuff that, for the most part, we want disabled

Author: I see what you mean, I wanted to demonstrate how they could turn it on but I guess I can just as easily do that by provided a false value instead.  I'll give it an update.

end
```

### Configuration options

```ruby
OpenTelemetry::SDK.configure do |c|
  c.use 'OpenTelemetry::Instrumentation::GraphQL', {
    # If this option is not provided the default behaviour is to instrument all
    # schemas that extend GraphQL::Schema
    schemas: [MyAppSchema],

>     # The following fields are disabled by default as they generate
>     # large traces, but can be enabled using the following keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # The following options are disabled by default as they generate
    # large traces, but can be enabled using the following keys to add
    # spans that provide more detail.
```
